Add communication guidelines (#9)
efficiency-org/oss-enterprise: docs/comms-guidelines.md

# Availability

> We respond to newly opened issues within 48 hours during business hours. This is advertised in our README. It is the responsibility of the @Octocorp/maintainers team to stick to this response time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We respond to newly opened issues within 72 hours during business hours. This is advertised in our README. It is the responsibility of the @efficiency-org/maintainers team to stick to this response time.
```

# Organization and repository structure

> All our repositories are housed within the Octocorp organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All our repositories are housed within the efficiency-org organization.
```

> # Maintainer responsibilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Maintainer responsibilities

Maintainers are to ensure that employees are actively showing acceptable behavior and checking <https://github.com/efficiency-org/important-info> for links, especially joining our Slack instance located there.

Maintainers located in report reviewers must also actively be premier in examining the problem.
```

### Identifying maintainers, contributors, and the general public

> When interacting in a repository owned by the Octocorp organization, you are speaking on behalf of the company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When interacting in a repository owned by the efficiency-org organization, you are speaking on behalf of the company.
```

> Employees are identified with an OWNER badge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Senior employees are identified with an OWNER badge, and normal employees are identified with a MEMBER badge.
```

<img width="774" alt="owner-badge" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16547949/33770589-38f46312-dbfc-11e7-97a8-43118a086467.png">

Community members with prior contributions will be identified with a CONTRIBUTOR badge, and those without prior contributions will not have a badge.

<img width="778" alt="contributor-badge" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16547949/33770637-6f3b5ebc-dbfc-11e7-882b-f7e9dd3d155b.png">

### Enforcing to the code of conduct

> Our [CODE OF CONDUCT](templates/code-of-conduct.md) outlines the behavior we expect from our community. Maintainers are responsible for enforcing violations they witness, or those that have been reported to <EMAIL-FROM-CODE-OF-CONDUCT>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [CODE OF CONDUCT](templates/code-of-conduct.md) outlines the behavior we expect from our community. Maintainers are responsible for enforcing violations they witness, or those that have been reported to <efficiency.organization@gmail.com>.
```

Violations are not tolerated, but there are always some gray areas.

> - **All incidents** are logged in our <INTERNAL TOOL>. This ensures gray areas do not escalate to a violation without the awareness of all maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **All incidents** are logged in our Stack instance. This ensures gray areas do not escalate to a violation without the awareness of all maintainers.
```

- **Indirect violations or gray areas** can usually be addressed with a warning. Send the user a direct message if possible (say, if they're on our Slack instance). If the violation occurred in an issue, pull request, or other public space, you should respond publicly as well. It is important that all community members see violations are not tolerated.

> - **Direction violations** require action immediately. This may include removing an offensive comment, [blocking the user](https://help.github.com/articles/blocking-a-user-from-your-organization/) from our organization, and [reporting them to GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/reporting-abuse-or-spam/) directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Direct violations** require action immediately. This may include removing an offensive comment, [blocking the user](https://help.github.com/articles/blocking-a-user-from-your-organization/) from our organization, and [reporting them to GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/reporting-abuse-or-spam/) directly.
```
